I work as a pioneer and also as a commuter at Bethel.
I find the service to be very enjoyable.
However, because of my busy schedule, at times I almost forget to express my appreciation
to the brothers and sisters.
I wanted to express my appreciation to my wife, but I found myself feeling bashful in doing
so.
I knew something wasn't quite natural.
Generally, expressing appreciation is considered to be a virtue.
But I realized that I needed some kind of stronger motivation.
Although all 10 lepers must have been grateful, yet only one person returned to give things.
I suddenly realized that even if I feel appreciative, I might fail to express it.
Isal was an impatient man.
In contrast, David thought deeply about how wonderful pure worship is.
I came to realize that it is important to think deeply.
One sister was visiting a very sick sister almost every day to help her with shopping and
looking after her very tenderly.
As I thought carefully about why she was doing so much and how she felt, I felt deep appreciation
well up in me.
Jehovah richly rewards us.
If Jehovah desires to express his appreciation, what kind of person am I if I don't show it
from the heart?
Perhaps I might be thinking to myself that I deserve to be appreciated since I am the
one providing for my family, aren't I?
I started thinking about how Jehovah wants to reward my wife.
That made me want to interact with her with kinder words.
I feel that the way I look at her and my facial expressions by changing as well.
It gets easier to resolve disagreements quickly.
I also feel that we are growing closer and closer as a couple.
By expressing appreciation, I feel very happy.
My relationship with brothers and sisters within the congregation has gotten better and
the bonds of friendship between us are stronger.
I realized that the reason why Jehovah encourages us to express our appreciation to others
is for our happiness.
That drew me even closer to Jehovah.